okay now I'm recording this is the
package manners weekly sync certain late
for November as well first up I pianist
Dean yeah so short version
put some pub/sub changes last week they
now need to bubble up through various
layers to make them into octopus there's
a couple PRS of the notes one is for the
pubsub value store or the ability to pee
pups a router has some internal custom
braking API changes shouldn't be any
problems for anyone they had been on
discussed Olympia P that IO for a while
and no one has raised many issues and
figuring out how to bubble things into
like a fuss and having some minor issues
with sureness tests that having some
extra eyes would help us and then doing
some test ground tests for IPs that's
all for me thank you all right
Turk yeah so updates on its what this
week I implemented a test ground test
which allows us to simulate a multiple
each multiple seat scenario yeah that's
better
and then just doing working through code
reviews for deliverance
okay I get 1.5 still discussing the spec
oh sorry innovations mount I Dominic
left us on Monday so this is crummy I'll
pause he may become there do it on the
side in the future but not for a moment
IP this ad performance if they don't
move to a community so alright there's
some consensus on supporting a
synchronous data stores so this means
that we'll be able to actually utilize
like you know Badgers asynchronous right
capability if we want to and then
manually decide when or when we want to
sync we can for people who already have
badger like ipfs badger going they can
just change it config like an option in
the config file and this should this
should do it for them we are assembling
a list of the places that they have
stores used so we can figure out in the
switch from synchronous asynchronous
data stores where we actually need to
call listen command worth noting that we
actually have a good deal of evidence
that I pivot even with adding no sync
commands anywhere stuff is not the end
of the world because Windows has been
doing this for like since Bajor started
and we have not had tremendous Windows
problems so yeah sort of I mean if it
crashes here in problems no but yeah I
mean we have like a year of testing so
that's kind of nice by accident so what
is we think of time Islands would be I'm
hoping to get this done before lab week
or at least have something ready for lab
week I mean so again the the flipping
the flag you can just do now yeah but I
mean like not like auditing everything
and then like making the necessary
changes so I I can I can work on some
auditing this week if you want to
prioritize that just a matter what we
want to prioritize I suspect nothing in
Lib p2p cares if it ever makes it to
disk and so it's literally just IP of us
ad is the only place we're gonna have to
flush anything you have in any IV other
side and I'd like to gets out of the way
as soon as possible
I think it'll like take maybe a half an
hour to just grab the codebase find
everything we write it up the paper
parts that she just like writing it up
okay but they want to do that we can
actually move forward of us so yeah I
mean okay prioritizing this somebody I
cannot stuff that's thank you i
datastore performance I'm sorry go this
is at this point basically a performance
Oh same thing I once we get the same
thing fixed my plan is to switch the
battery that's the same as last week
okay
blockers asks finalized okay ours but
that was this is a tripped sorry walkers
asks questions parking lot okay yeah I'm
when I don't know that I'm maybe just
focusing on performance stuff this week
but I I need a little bit of guidance on
the shortest tests because yeah you're
just not working
I I got the shortest tests to run I'm
just like not 100% sure I understand why
they're doing what they're doing because
like my manual tests don't seem to be in
doings and things and like as well make
sure I'm not missing something obvious I
so alright this is the issue where like
you're seeing an extra PID and list the
PRI DS yeah
could have discovered this doing that it
could be that we introduced a bug in you
know in the the it talks up
it could also literally be like did we
accidentally upgrade that he achievement
your this because we upgraded the DHT we
added much Ottomans dropping code we
could have also entry sometime in fact
that is possible I guess I don't know
I'll to look more into it but I can look
into it later this week or next or
whatever in a couple of weeks if we want
to okay just whenever we're ready to
like get this merge so we can be like
IPS stamps go okay and I will take a
look at that and try to help you with it
other than that I think we've managed to
wrap up in two minutes despite starting
late late I'm set for that I will post
the link to these notes in the issue if
you want a hat isn't gonna miss but it's
actually before we move on
Derk alright you are heading out later
today right yes okay well have fun yeah
question first for Derek how is your
experience in writing the test ground
plans because I haven't like are using
Falak give us nodes or small things so
my original plan is useful like they're
passed notes but then I realized
actually Raul pointed out there's
probably better to test bit swap
directly just so we don't have the
mornin allows us to control the way that
we request blocks
so rather than ipfs which has kind of a
fairly conservative prefetch mechanism
we can just like like pushed up through
as fast as possible so it's a better
test of its weapon self and number two
just it's just one less you know it's
sort of more isolated so if there's any
issues we can isolate them to bits well
I was unfortunately I was hoping you
were gonna do all that work for me or
doing actually best things like just
copy paste and then switch which part of
the core API is used
well you might be able to just use his I
think it's felt small actually maybe
it's Jim but anyway I think it's called
small bench okay marks will be APR okay
cool thanks
all right guys you see